c:\users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\bin\Debug\miniMartShop.exe.config
c:\users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\obj\Debug\miniMartShop.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\obj\Debug\miniMartShop.login.resources
c:\users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\obj\Debug\miniMartShop.Resources.resources
c:\users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\obj\Debug\miniMartShop.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\bin\Debug\miniMartShop.exe
c:\users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\bin\Debug\miniMartShop.pdb
c:\users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\bin\Debug\miniMartShop.xml
c:\users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
c:\users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\bin\Debug\Zstandard.Net.dll
c:\users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\bin\Debug\K4os.Compression.LZ4.Streams.dll
c:\users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\bin\Debug\Ubiety.Dns.Core.dll
c:\users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
c:\users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\bin\Debug\K4os.Compression.LZ4.dll
c:\users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\bin\Debug\K4os.Hash.xxHash.dll
c:\users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
c:\users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\obj\Debug\miniMartShop.exe
c:\users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\obj\Debug\miniMartShop.xml
c:\users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\obj\Debug\miniMartShop.pdb
C:\Users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\obj\Debug\miniMartShop.stock2.resources
C:\Users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\obj\Debug\miniMartShop.sales.resources
C:\Users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\obj\Debug\miniMartShop.returnIn.resources
C:\Users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\obj\Debug\miniMartShop.RetrunOutward.resources
C:\Users\ruzai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\miniMartShop\miniMartShop\obj\Debug\miniMartShop.Main.resources
